meanwhile elsewhere in Berlin Police
were clearing a pro Palestinian protest
camp set up outside the German
Parliament building police dragged away
demonstrators the group who set up the
encampment more than two weeks ago said
they wanted the German government to
stop sending weapons and Military
Support to Israel here's what protesters
and police had to say so we've been here
what is this now uh 15 16 17 days just
over two weeks and we've been peaceful
and we've been harassed by the police
every single day they have given us like
just the stupidest restrictions they
have forbidden us from using languages
that aren't German and English they have
criminalized us they have criminalized
our prayers our songs our workshops um
and now they are their official
reasoning for evicting this Camp is that
we had a
sofa and that we are protest Camp is
trou the protest Camp has been
prohibited because there have been
repeated violations of the rules for
public assembly and criminal offenses
committed the protest leaders did not
intervene to prevent this from
happening so the protest has been deemed
a threat to Public
Safety there are no milder measures to
prevent more crimes like incitement to
hatred let's bring in our political
correspondent Simon young Simon Pro
Palestinian protesters in Germany say
their movement is being unfairly
Criminal alized how are the authorities
dealing with these
protests yeah well as you saw in this
particular case uh the police said there
had been criminality and violence around
this Camp uh and I think probably they
were also a bit concerned because uh it
was located right in the heart of the
government District here in Berlin uh
but more generally I think it's fair to
say that police have often felt they
needed to uh police these kind of
Palestinian uh demonstrations that we've
seen over the last few months uh pretty
closely in some cases breaking them up
uh there is this uh allegation of
incitement that coming from these
protests in some cases uh and uh the use
or in particular of banned slogans uh
and banned uh images and so on is a is a
problem it can be difficult for the
police to decide exactly when the law
has been broken for instance uh with the
uh slogans that are are chanted in uh in
Arabic or in other languages uh you know
that may be difficult for the police or
in some cases for instance when maps of
the region of the of the Middle East
region are held up in the Palestinian
colors there may be problems sometimes
they've taken a sort of precautionary
approach pulling people out or in indeed
closing the demonstrations down and
leaving it of course in the end it's the
courts that decide when the law has
actually been broken mhm we have seen
Pro Palestinian protests spreading on
University campuses in the US lately how
strong how big is the movement in
Germany well I think it's fair to say
that there have been many pro
Palestinian demonstrations both before
the 7th of October Hamas attacks against
Israel and even in in more concentrated
forms since and some of them have
attracted thousands uh in some cases
even tens of thousands of participants
not in every case have they complied
with the police requirements that such
large demonstrations should be
registered in advance and as I say there
have been the concerns about uh breaches
of the law about
anti-Semitism uh and so uh you know
there is a polarized atmosphere I I
think around many uh of these
demonstrations but the police of course
and the authorities generally always say
as well that they are concerned about uh
freedom of speech just as much as uh
freedom to demonstrate uh freedom of
expression is as important also as
making sure that nobody breaks the law
tww political correspondent Simon young
thank you Simon